what is happening guys matt here with
the unboxing and first look of the
rocketfish soft gel fitted case for the
iphone for some of you know who watched
my apple store visit video uploaded
yesterday i went to the mall searching
for some iphone 4 cases before the
canadian release of the iphone 4 so this
one is the rocketfish soft gel fitted
case and i will also have a video of the
salad jelly case for iphone 4 so here's
a quick look before we get into the
unboxing rocketfish soft gel fitted case
iphone 4 yes as you can see in the
reflection right there i'm using a 5 a
live case as my little prop stand for my
mini tripod that's all i have so if you
can read that says durable durable
protection against scratches accidental
drops and everyday use slides easily in
and out of your pocket convenient easy
access to all open ports and this was
only nineteen ninety nine plus tax
canadian dollars so it looked really
worth the price to me has a cool bubbly
looking texture on the outside and yeah
it's not your normal silicone case it's
that new hard soft material so get into
the unboxing here
okay so as you can see it's see-through
kind of like a one of those windows that
plays with your eye it looks really
weird but it is see-through and again it
is it's hard enough to be considered I
guess a hard case it's not a silicone
really floppy around case but at the
same time it's not really soft you can
squeeze it it's just it's the perfect
hardness that's what she said so anyway
so you can twist it around pull it
around a little bit the sides just kind
of snap back in it's not to software
it's just flopping out like that so
let's put the iphone 4 in buttons first
and snap it in all the way around okay
so as you can see it does have a little
Ridge on the top so it does have a lay
on the table design looks really nice
from the back you can see the Apple and
then it still has that really cool
design a lot of room for the camera and
LED flash has a nice cut out for the
headphone jack and Mike let's test the
sleep sleep wake button is a little hard
it can still be can still be pushed in
just takes a little extra force looks
really nice though and again see it
doesn't doesn't flop around the sides
are nice and firm here they snap back
feels really good looks like a decent
amount of room for the mute and here the
up and down buttons let's test those see
how easy they are to press the same
thing with the up and down buttons as
the
the volume buttons as the sleep/wake
button a little tougher to push but as
you can see still very easy and the test
for the mute button we will vibrate its
website we will do one-handed as you can
see you don't need to dig your nail in
it just kind of flips over pretty easily
and again it does feel nice in your hand
so thanks for watching guys that has
been the unboxing and first look at the
rocketfish soft gel fitted case for
iphone4 be sure to comment below rate
this video thumbs up and subscribe to my
channel for more tech news unboxings
reviews giveaways and more peace out
guys
please comment below rate this video
thumbs up and subscribe to my channel
for more tech new